Let's stick to this example and let's say I want to have a data or this data object here as well as
this computed property, filtered fruits in both my list and my app.vue file. For this,
I will create such a mixin, so we want to outsource all that code into such a mixin and here, I'll
create a new file in the source folder which I'll name fruitmixin.js,
name is totally up to you and there I will export a constant, fruitmixin is the name I'll choose
and this will be a javascript object which holds all the data
I just copied or cut from my component.
Now with that, I can go back to my list here and I want to import this newly created mixin which I export
there,
so I import that from my fruit mixin file
and the thing I want to import of course is my fruit mixin
and now I can simply replace the data here with the mixins property on that vue instance which is an array
where I specify all the mixin, so all the code snippets I want to add to this instance.
Now if I save this and navigate back to the app, you see this still works as before
but now we're sharing this code which also means I can now go to my app.vue file and here, I
get also my text in the data field so I'm not completely removing it, I'm only removing fruits and this
and remove the computed property here and now here, I will also import this fruit mixin I just created
from the fruit mixin file I just created, this one here and I will add mixins here too, the
fruit mixin.
If I save this and reload, let's also reload the app here,
you see it still works in my app.vue file again.
And interesting enough, here we still have the data property
so even though we mixin a new one, we can clearly see as we see the string up here still exists that
vuejs cleverly merges our mixin and the already existing data
in our app.vue file or in any instance where we add a mixin.
So this is how we generally create and use mixins,
let me dive into that merging process and some other really interesting things about mixins.